fix(MobileMenuToggle): trap keyboard focus inside the mobile menu (#3911)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/mobile-menu-focus-trap.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': patch
---

> Keeps keyboard focus inside the mobile menu while it is open by marking the rest of the page `inert`. Focus containment now covers all interactive elements (including sidebar group `<summary>` toggles and any custom components) and is released automatically if the viewport grows past the mobile breakpoint.

Reviewer: Small suggestion here to keep the focus on the user-facing change (users don’t need to know the how/why of implementation details, but the what of the change that impacts them):

```suggestion
Keeps keyboard focus inside the mobile menu while it is open, preventing focus moving to hidden interactive elements in page content.
```
